Codeql workflows (#936)
alphagov/govuk-infrastructure: README.md

tfenv install
```

To use the code scans reusable workflow, add the following job to the jobs section of your CI workflow:

> ```
> codeql-sast:
>     name: CodeQL SAST scan
>     uses: alphagov/govuk-infrastructure/.github/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml@main
>     permissions:
>         security-events: write

Reviewer: For consistency with the rest of the YAML:

```suggestion
```yaml
codeql-sast:
  name: CodeQL SAST scan
  uses: alphagov/govuk-infrastructure/.github/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml@main
  permissions:
    security-events: write
```

tfenv install
```

To use the code scans reusable workflow, add the following job to the jobs section of you CI workflow:

```
codeql-sast:
    name: CodeQL SAST scan
    uses: alphagov/govuk-infrastructure/.github/workflows/code-scans.yml@main
    permissions:
        actions: read

>         contents: read

Reviewer: I think we can drop this line of config, as [it's the default setting](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication#permissions-for-the-github_token), even for organisations that have set reusable workflows to their most restricted setting.

tfenv install
```

> To use the CodeQL resuable workflow, add the following job to the jobs section of you CI workflow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the CodeQL reusable workflow, add the following job to the jobs section of your CI workflow:
```

```

> sast:

Reviewer: Could the choice of name be problematic for if/when acquire Snyk in future? At that point we'll presumably have two sast tasks - we should choose a name that's forwards-compatible.

Author: Yes I agree, I think a more descriptive name would be appropriate. I'll change it now.
